adjust changelog for release v0.7.0-rc.0 (#349)
OpenFunction/OpenFunction: CHANGELOG.md

# OpenFunction

## 0.7.0-rc.0 / 2022-08-11

> Note: This release contains a few breaking changes.

> - The ofn CLI install method was deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ofn install` and `ofn uninstall` CLI was deprecated.
```

- The `domains.core.openfunction.io` CRD was deprecated and removed.
- The cert-manager was removed.
- The Nginx ingress controller was removed.

> - The network layer of knative-serving was replaced from kourier to contour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use contour as the network layer of knative-serving instead of kourier.
```

### OpenFunction

#### Features

- [Add the parameter validation capabilities for Function](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/issues/274). [OpenFunction#290](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/290)
- [Add Gateway & Route for OpenFunction](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/blob/main/docs/proposals/202207-openfunction-gateway.md). [OpenFunction#321](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/321)

#### Enhancement
- Remove cert-manager, use generate-cert.sh to generate caBundle and tls.* files. [OpenFunction#261](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/261)
- Remove the crd description to avoid "metadata.annotations too long" error when using "kubectl apply -f". [OpenFunction#264](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/264)

> - Add e2e testing ability for local environments. [OpenFunction#266](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/266)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add e2e testing for local environments. [OpenFunction#266](https://github.com/OpenFunction/OpenFunction/pull/266)
```

#### Features
- Initialize openfunction knative and async runtime. [functions-framework-nodejs#4](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/4)
- Enable HTTP function trigger async functions. [functions-framework-nodejs#10](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/10)
- Enable plugin mechanism for async functions. [functions-framework-nodejs#70](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/70)
- Enable skywalking trace for async plugin. [functions-framework-nodejs#74](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/74)
- Enable graceful shutdown. [functions-framework-nodejs#75](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/75)

#### Enhancement
- Upgrade dapr-nodejs-sdk to v2.3.1 [functions-framework-nodejs#73](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/73)
- [Upgrade dapr to v1.8.3](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/commit/a32fa1c43d0c0872263989b21233f01d28764535).
- Polish e2e tests. [functions-framework-nodejs#67](https://github.com/OpenFunction/functions-framework-nodejs/pull/67)

### functions-framework-java

> OpenFunction currently support java language!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFunction now supports java!
```
